feat: lower pagination limit to 1 (#364)
snyk/sweater-comb: docs/principles/jsonapi.md

- `starting_after` - Return `limit` records after the record identified by cursor position `starting_after`.
- `ending_before` - Return `limit` records before the record identified by cursor position `ending_before`.

> - `limit` - Size of page, in increments of 1, up to 100

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `limit` - Number of records to return, up to 100
```
